Narrative: One-player game of 2D Texas Hold ‘Em. There will be one user player and 4 AI players that vary in difficulty. Difficulty determines the likelihood of making good plays. There will be a starting menu that allows you to adjust the starting buy-in, the difficulty of the players, and the ability to buy new player silhouettes. When the game ends the player will be redirected to the menu. We will implement Card, Deck, Player, UserPlayer, Dealer, and Table classes. We will include a two-level animation hierarchy that features the moving and rotating of the dealer's hands with a particle effect and cards moving on the table. 

The project contains the following classes: AudioManager, Button, Card, Deck, File, Hand, Particle, ParticleSystems, Player, PrimeLookUp, RadioButton, Table, Main

Jaden Wood: I implemented a comprehensive menu screen. The menu includes key features such as the game title, a display of the player's bank balance, an adjustable buy-in interface, and an interactive player costume section. To enhance modularity and code organization, I introduced the Button class for general button functionality and the RadioButton class for radio button elements. These classes facilitate the creation, display, and interaction handling of various buttons in the menu, ensuring a clean and extensible design. Unfortunately, I was unable to fix a bug where the Settings button is still accessible while in the main game.

Joseph Horak:

Nathan Feldt: I implemented the Table class. The table class was responsible for game flow and parts of game logic. one part of the Table class decided what hands where the best by taking the prime product of each hand and finding the hand rank in a hashmap. additionally the Table class determined when a card should be dealt and when betting should continue. additionally I implemented the card animations for dealing.

Kireeti Setty: I added the saving and loading from file functionality, helped with the game logic, added the keyboard controls, and the settings button on the game screen.

Abraham Rodriguez: I implemented the Card, Deck, and Main classes as well as the README and parts of Main. The Card functionality stores the values for a single card in a deck and is used to store this information as well as be referenced in order to show the correct cards on display. The Deck functionality is able to construct card objects to form a complete deck. it is also able to remove cards from its arraylist as it deals out those cards. Due to changes in scope, we have decided to leave it as only allowing one deck to play with, that is shuffled in between each round. Lastly, the Hand class is able to store the information for any player's current card objects they have been dealt by the deck object. It grabs the best value using the cards in the center and is reset after every round. 
